README.md, before:


## Hi, I'm **Axel Leroy**.
 
I’m a developer from Paris passionate about technology as well as a photographer on my free time.

You can find me on Mastodon or my blog, where I write articles on many subjects including development.

### Here are the **last 5 articles** I published:

1. [Un an de vélotaf à Paris](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/un-an-velotaf?utm_source=github_profile) on 2025-05-19
2. [My screen reader did not work with Chromium and GNOME Web Flatpaks, here's how I fixed it](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/how-to-fix-screen-reader-chromium-gnome-web?utm_source=github_profile) on 2025-03-21
3. [The TV shows, movies, video games and concerts I enjoyed in 2024](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/movies-tv-shows-videos-games-and-concerts-2024?utm_source=github_profile) on 2024-12-31
4. [My setup for using Pi-hole outside my home](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/using-pihole-outside-home?utm_source=github_profile) on 2024-11-22
5. [Website Changelog for November 2024](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/changelog-november-2024?utm_source=github_profile) on 2024-11-15

Commit message:

feat: add blog articles' categories

README.md, after:


## Hi, I'm **Axel Leroy**.
 
I’m a developer from Paris passionate about technology as well as a photographer on my free time.

You can find me on Mastodon or my blog, where I write articles on many subjects including development.

### Here are the **last 5 articles** I published:

1. [Un an de vélotaf à Paris](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/un-an-velotaf?utm_source=github_profile) on 2025-05-19 [#Blog](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/topic/blog?utm_source=github_profile) [#Articles en français](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/topic/articles-en-francais?utm_source=github_profile)
2. [My screen reader did not work with Chromium and GNOME Web Flatpaks, here's how I fixed it](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/how-to-fix-screen-reader-chromium-gnome-web?utm_source=github_profile) on 2025-03-21 [#Tips and tricks](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/topic/tips-and-tricks?utm_source=github_profile) [#Linux](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/topic/linux?utm_source=github_profile)
3. [The TV shows, movies, video games and concerts I enjoyed in 2024](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/movies-tv-shows-videos-games-and-concerts-2024?utm_source=github_profile) on 2024-12-31 [#Blog](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/topic/blog?utm_source=github_profile)
4. [My setup for using Pi-hole outside my home](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/using-pihole-outside-home?utm_source=github_profile) on 2024-11-22 [#Tips and tricks](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/topic/tips-and-tricks?utm_source=github_profile) [#Self-hosting](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/topic/self-hosting?utm_source=github_profile)
5. [Website Changelog for November 2024](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/changelog-november-2024?utm_source=github_profile) on 2024-11-15 [#Blog](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/topic/blog?utm_source=github_profile) [#Changelog](https://axel.leroy.sh/blog/topic/changelog?utm_source=github_profile)
